# 创建订单

{% hint style="info" %}
💬 **需要帮助？** 如果遇到问题，请在帮助中心咨询 Eva，快速获取诊断建议。

<a href="https://www.atriptech.com/" class="button primary" data-icon="comments">咨询 Eva</a>
{% endhint %}

使用此端点在验证后创建预订。

它使用当前的 `sessionId`，并返回 `pay.do` 和订单后续操作使用的 `orderNo`。

### 联程航班的行李

Atlas 可能按航段返回行李选项。

对于同一方向的联程航班，请在所有连接的航段上保持行李选择一致。

如果去程连接航段使用不同的行李选择，或回程连接航段使用不同的行李选择，订单创建可能失败并返回 `307`。

去程和回程仍可使用不同的行李选择。

使用[验证](/api-wen-dang/product-guides/booking/booking-step-guides/verify.md)作为 `bookingRequirement` 和当前 `sessionId` 的权威来源。

## Order

> \*\*Dependency:\*\*\
> \`Verify\` function should be called in prior to this call.\
> \
> \> The booking requirements need to be read from the "bookingRequirement" array in the "verify.do" response. The "Booking Requirements" can be different at the route level. Alternatively, you can add all the details but please note that all the fields should have actual data and not fictitious information. Please follow this approach.\
> \
> \*\*Endpoint:\*\*\
> <https://sandbox.atriptech.com/order.do>

```json
{"openapi":"3.0.1","info":{"title":"Default module","version":"1.0.0"},"security":[],"paths":{"/order.do":{"post":{"summary":"Order","deprecated":false,"description":"**Dependency:**\n`Verify` function should be called in prior to this call.\n\n> The booking requirements need to be read from the \"bookingRequirement\" array in the \"verify.do\" response. The \"Booking Requirements\" can be different at the route level. Alternatively, you can add all the details but please note that all the fields should have actual data and not fictitious information. Please follow this approach.\n\n**Endpoint:**\nhttps://sandbox.atriptech.com/order.do","tags":[],"parameters":[{"name":"Accept","in":"header","description":"","required":true,"schema":{"type":"string"}},{"name":"Content-Type","in":"header","description":"","required":true,"schema":{"type":"string"}},{"name":"Accept-Encoding","in":"header","description":"","required":true,"schema":{"type":"string"}},{"name":"x-atlas-client-id","in":"header","description":"","required":true,"schema":{"type":"string"}},{"name":"x-atlas-client-secret","in":"header","description":"","required":true,"schema":{"type":"string"}}],"requestBody":{"content":{"application/json":{"schema":{"type":"object","properties":{"sessionId":{"type":"string","description":"`sessionId`returned by verify response. If you got offer by verify api, then this parameter is required.","nullable":true},"offerId":{"type":"string","description":"`offerID`returned by get offer response. If you got offer by \"get offer\" api, then this parameter is required.","nullable":true},"passengers":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"object","properties":{"name":{"type":"string","description":"The passenger's name. Please send it in the following format: Family Name/Given Name"},"passengerType":{"description":"Type of passenger.\n- 0: Adult\n- 1: Child\n- 2: Infant","$ref":"#/components/schemas/PassengerType"},"gender":{"type":"string","description":"The passenger's gender.\n- `M`: Male\n- `F`: Female"},"birthday":{"type":"string","description":"The passenger's date of birth. Format:`YYYYMMDD`. Please fill in according to the passenger information requirements(`bookingRequirement`) returned by the Verification / Get Offer API.","nullable":true},"cardType":{"type":"string","description":"The type of the identity document.\n- PP: Passport\n- GA: Hong Kong Macau Pass for China mainland citizens\n- TW: Taiwan Pass for China mainland citizens\n- TB: China mainland pass for Taiwanese\n- HY: International Seaman's Certificate","enum":["PP","GA","TW","TB","HY"],"nullable":true},"cardNum":{"type":"string","description":"The unique identifier of the identity document. e.g. the passport number. Please fill in according to the passenger information requirements(`bookingRequirement`) returned by the Verification / Get Offer API.","nullable":true},"cardIssuePlace":{"type":"string","description":"The ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code for the country where the identity document is issued. Please fill in according to the passenger information requirements(`bookingRequirement`) returned by the Verification / Get Offer API.","nullable":true},"cardExpired":{"type":"string","description":"The date on which the identity document expires. Format:`YYYYMMDD`.Please fill in according to the passenger information requirements(`bookingRequirement`) returned by the Verification / Get Offer API.","nullable":true},"nationality":{"type":"string","description":"The ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code for the nationality of passenger. Please fill in according to the passenger information requirements(`bookingRequirement`) returned by the Verification / Get Offer API.","nullable":true},"ffpCardNo":{"type":"string","description":"The passenger's account number for this frequent flyer account","nullable":true},"ffpCarrier":{"type":"string","description":"The IATA code for the airline that this frequent flyer account belongs to","nullable":true},"ancillaries":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"object","properties":{"productCode":{"type":"string","description":"Ancillary product code(`productCode`). Got from routing element in the search/revalidation response."},"segmentIndex":{"type":"integer","description":"Segment sequence"}},"required":["productCode","segmentIndex"]},"description":"Ancillaries selection for the specific passenger","nullable":true},"residentInfo":{"type":"object","properties":{"docType":{"type":"string","description":"Certificate types supported by resident' prices"},"docNum":{"type":"string","description":"ID number, if the ID type is D, E","nullable":true},"municipality":{"type":"string","description":"Municipal district code","nullable":true},"largeFamilyCert":{"type":"string","description":"Large Family Cert","nullable":true},"community":{"type":"string","description":"Community Region Code","nullable":true}},"description":"Resident Info","required":["docType"],"nullable":true}},"required":["name","passengerType","gender"]},"description":"Passengers' information"},"contact":{"properties":{"name":{"type":"string","description":"Contact name, please follow this format: Family Name/Given Name. The contact name can only accept Latin letters, /, and spaces."},"address":{"type":"string","description":"Contact address.","nullable":true},"postcode":{"type":"string","description":"Contact post code.","nullable":true},"email":{"type":"string","description":"Contact email.","nullable":true},"mobile":{"type":"string","description":"Contact mobile, please follow this format : XXXX(digital country code)-XXXXXXXX(phone number), here're the examples: 0001-87291810, 0086-13928109091, 0971-19201998","nullable":true}},"type":"object","required":["name"]},"clientContact":{"type":"object","properties":{"email":{"type":"string","description":"Contact email."},"companyName":{"type":"string","description":"Company name.","nullable":true}},"description":"Customer's contact. Currently only required in FR.","required":["email"],"nullable":true},"useAtlasMailForContact":{"type":"boolean","description":"The tag denoting whether to use Atlas email id for contact information.\n- `true`: Use Atlas email as contact email.\n- `false`: It is determined according to the strategy agreed upon with the customer or the default strategy of the system.\n\nPlease refer to the [terms and conditions](https://resources.atriptech.com/terms-of-service/atlas-email-service) for usage of Atlas email.","default":false,"nullable":true},"requestSource":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/RequestSource","nullable":true},"ifSeatOccupied":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/IfSeatOccupied","nullable":true,"description":"Configuration of ordering when the seat is occupied.\n- SIMILAR_SEAT: Select a similar seat automatically\n- STOP_SEAT: Stop seat and continue ticketing\n- STOP_TICKET: Stop ticketing and cancel the order\nThe default value is`SIMILAR_SEAT`.\n"},"payment":{"properties":{"cardType":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/CardType","description":"The card type you wish to use for payment. Send this information when generating an order can be used to calculate the payment handling fee. This parameter is only effective and required in the MoR payment scenario."}},"required":["cardType"],"description":"Payment information","$ref":"#/components/schemas/OrderPayment"},"locale":{"type":"string","description":"The country and language environment preferences of the ticket purchaser/contact person. This information may be useful for certain airlines. For example, airlines will use this information to communicate with users in appropriate languages (e.g., via emails). We have prepared the language environments supported by each airline for your reference: [Locale](apifox://link/pages/6811327)","nullable":true}},"required":["passengers","contact"]}}}},"responses":{"200":{"description":"","content":{"application/json":{"schema":{"properties":{"status":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/OrderResponseStatus","description":"- 301: Session does not exist or timed out. Description: The \"sessionID\" has a validity of 2 hrs. If the “sessionID” is used after this time period, then this error is displayed\n- 302: The target flight is no longer available. Description: In the period between verify and book, the flight has been sold out. This can also be due to the number of passengers booked. The number of pax when booking and the number of pax when verifying may be different. When create a booking, the price is verified based on the actual number of pax booked\n- 303: Airline closed. Description: Airline has either ceased to exist or not operational.\n- 304: Verify failed. Description: In some uncontrollable situations, such as network issues, upgrades, and restarts, 304 error may occur, but not many. If there are many 304 errors, it is possible that the airline is not available or some technical issue at Atlas' end. Contact your account manager if this error keeps on repeating.\n- 305: Invalid routing. Description: When generating an order, the system found that the flight was no longer sold for various reasons, such as 1) L2B 2) The system has identified that there may be a risk of the flight being sold out 3) The airline's sales have been closed\n- 307: Illegal booking request parameters. Description: Some request parameters have problem. Please check the message.\n- 308: Price changed. Description: The price has changed between the price verification and order. Please verify the price again and generate the order.\n- 309: Ancillary not found. Description: Incorrect ancillary product code has been entered. Check and enter the correct ancillary product code.\n- 310: Infant not allowed. Description: The offer does not support infant. Create a new booking without infant passenger type.\n- 312: Too many seats booked. Description: The number of pax booked exceeds the remaining (or allowed) seats on the current flight.\n- 313: Fare family sold out. Description: Selected offer is no longer available. Conduct the search again and rebook.\n- 315: Not enough seats. Description: Seats have been sold out\n- 316: Timed out. Description: There is a time-out error at the airline’s end\n- 317: Booking unsuccessful with Airline. Description: An error has happened at the airline’s end.\n- 318: Check if a booking with the same passenger details and flight numbers exists. After confirming, ignore this booking.\n- 319: Flight information has changed. Description: Re-verify the price (query the latest flight information) and generate the order.\n- 320: The requested seats were not found or they are already occupied. Description: Rebook seats and submit a new order.\n- 321: \n- 322: Seat price changed. Description: Seat price changed. Re-query the seat map and select seats\n- 323: The format of the e-mail in the contact information is incorrect\n- 324: Airline system issues. Description: Retry after some time. If the issue persists, please contact our operations team.\n- 325: The airline has deemed the passenger unserviceable\n- 326: Your account balance on the airline side is insufficient(BYOA scenario)\n- 327: Passenger information does not meet the requirements. Description: Check and correct the passenger information according to the error message\n- 328: Selected seat is no longer available. Description: The selected seat has been occupied.\n- 329: No payment method is available. Description: No payment method is available. Please check whether the quotation currency or account configuration is correct.\n- 330: operation is in progress. Description: operation is in progress\n- 407: Some mandatory element for the passenger has not been submitted.. Description: Check the information and correct the same and resubmit.\n- 408: Passenger can not board alone. Description: Create a new order and add an adult passenger with the child passenger\n- 409: Additional baggage does not match the flight segment. Description: Luggage purchased for each segment of a connecting flight must be the same.\n- 410: The contact information is not in the correct format.. Description: Check the contact information and confirm that it matches the required format."},"msg":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/ResponseMessage"},"sessionId":{"type":"string","description":"Echo the`sessionId`in the request parameters."},"offerId":{"type":"string","description":"Echo the`offerId`in the request parameters.","nullable":true},"orderNo":{"type":"string","description":"Order number of the created order."},"pnrCode":{"type":"string","description":"The pnrCode is the single reference for the booking. This is the Atlas PNR, not airline's."},"totalPrice":{"type":"number","description":"Total price(not including service fee) of this order in the currency TheAtlas settled with you"},"totalTransactionFee":{"type":"number","description":"Total technical fees for this order in the currency TheAtlas settled with you."},"currency":{"type":"string","description":"The currency TheAtlas settled with you."},"vendorTotalPrice":{"type":"number","description":"Total price of this order in the vendor's currency, reference for you to generate the specific credit card. ","nullable":true},"vendorCurrency":{"type":"string","description":"Vendor's currency.","nullable":true},"tktLimitTime":{"type":"string","description":"Payment deadline for this order. This time will be displayed in SGT (GMT +8). The fromat is:`yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss`."},"paxTicketInfos":{"type":"array","items":{"properties":{"name":{"type":"string","description":"Echo the passenger's name, in the format of last name/first name"},"passengerType":{"description":"Echo the passenger's type.\n- 0: Adult\n- 1: Child\n- 2: Infant","$ref":"#/components/schemas/PassengerType"},"birthday":{"type":"string","description":"Echo the passenger's birthday"},"gender":{"type":"string","description":"Echo the passenger's gender"},"cardNum":{"type":"string","description":"Echo the passenger's  identity document number","nullable":true},"cardType":{"type":"string","description":"Echo the passenger's  identity document type","nullable":true},"cardIssuePlace":{"type":"string","description":"Echo the country where the passenger's identification document was issued.","nullable":true},"cardExpired":{"type":"string","description":"Echo the expiration date of the passenger's identification document.","nullable":true},"nationality":{"type":"string","description":"Echo the passenger's nationality","nullable":true},"ticketNos":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"string","description":"Airline PNRs. The array count would be the same as ticketnos count"},"description":"Ticket numbers. Since the ticket hasn't been issued at this moment, the array will be empty(`[]`)."},"airlinePNRs":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"description":"Since the airline side hasn't generated the order yet, the array is empty(`[]`)."},"ancillaries":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"object","properties":{"productCode":{"type":"string","description":"Unique identifier for the ancillary product."},"segmentIndex":{"type":"integer","description":"The index of segment the ancillary applies to."},"currency":{"type":"string","description":"The currency in which Atlas settles transactions with you"},"ancillaryPrice":{"type":"number","description":"Price for this ancillary."},"auxBaggageElement":{"type":"object","properties":{"isAllWeight":{"type":"boolean","description":"Mark whether the`weight`field restricts the total weight or the weight of a single piece.\n- `true`: The weight is for all the pieces\n- `false`: The weight is for each piece"},"piece":{"type":"integer","description":"The maximum number of pieces that can be purchased per person.\n- `0`: No Limitation about piece\n- `>0`: Maximum pieces"},"size":{"type":"string","description":"Maximum size for the baggage","nullable":true},"weight":{"type":"integer","description":"The maximum weight that can be purchased per person.\n- `0`: No limitation for weight\n- `>0`: Weight limit (KG)"}},"description":"Baggage specification limitations. This node is valid only when the ancillary type (`categoryCode`) is baggage.","required":["isAllWeight","piece","weight"],"nullable":true},"auxSeatElement":{"type":"object","properties":{"row":{"type":"string","description":"Seat row"},"column":{"type":"string","description":"Seat column"}},"required":["row","column"],"description":"Seat selection for the specific passenger","nullable":true},"vendorCurrency":{"type":"string","description":"The currency in which the vendor charges for the ancillary. If the fare does not allow for the VCC pass-through or BYOA payment, this information will be`null`."},"vendorPrice":{"type":"integer","description":"The price charged by the vendor for the ancillary. If the fare does not allow for the VCC pass-through or BYOA payment, this information will be`null`."},"displayCurrency":{"type":"string","description":"Display currency","nullable":true},"displayPrice":{"type":"number","description":"Display price","nullable":true}},"required":["currency","ancillaryPrice","productCode","segmentIndex"]},"description":"Ancillaries selection for the specific passenger","nullable":true},"contactEmails":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"description":"Passenger contact email address.","nullable":true},"contactPhones":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"description":"Passenger contact phone number.","nullable":true}},"type":"object","required":["name","passengerType","birthday","gender","ticketNos","airlinePNRs"]},"description":"Ticket information for passengers. The number of elements is the same as the number of passengers, with each passenger corresponding to one element."},"routing":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/Routing"},"duplicateOrders":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"description":"If the api returns error code`318`(duplicate booking), then the list will contain duplicate order numbers.","nullable":true},"paymentOptions":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"object","properties":{"paymentMethod":{"type":"integer"},"serviceFee":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PaymentOption"},"ticketFare":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PaymentOption"},"paymentFee":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PaymentOption"},"cardType":{"type":"string","nullable":true}},"required":["paymentMethod","serviceFee","ticketFare","paymentFee","cardType"]}}},"type":"object","required":["status","msg","sessionId","orderNo","pnrCode","totalPrice","totalTransactionFee","currency","tktLimitTime","paxTicketInfos","routing","paymentOptions"]}}},"headers":{}}}}}},"components":{"schemas":{"PassengerType":{"type":"integer","enum":[0,1,2]},"RequestSource":{"type":"string","description":"The tag to identify which channel does this traffic come from. For example: SkyScanner,Google,Oganic search,etc…"},"IfSeatOccupied":{"type":"string","enum":["SIMILAR_SEAT","STOP_SEAT","STOP_TICKET"]},"CardType":{"type":"string","enum":["Amex","Visa","MasterCard","JCB","Discover","DinersClub"]},"OrderPayment":{"type":"object","properties":{"cardType":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/CardType","description":"The card type you wish to use for payment. Send this information when generating an order can be used to calculate the payment handling fee. This parameter is only effective and required in the MoR payment scenario."}},"required":["cardType"],"description":"Payment information","nullable":true},"OrderResponseStatus":{"type":"integer","enum":[301,302,303,304,305,307,308,309,310,312,313,315,316,317,318,319,320,321,322,323,324,325,326,327,328,329,330,407,408,409,410]},"ResponseMessage":{"type":"string","description":"It serves as an additional description of the response result. Especially when the interface reports an error (`status` !=`0`), it is usually a human-readable error message. Note: Do not use this field in any programming scenarios. For example, do not judge whether the interface responds successfully based on this field. Instead, you should only determine it by checking whether the status is equal to`0`at any time."},"Routing":{"type":"object","properties":{"routingIdentifier":{"type":"string","description":"This unique string identifier is used to verify requests for a particular route.\n**Note:**\nHas a certain validity period (generally not exceeding 6 hours)."},"supportCreditTransPayment":{"type":"string","description":"This tag is used to identify if the fare is support to be paid using the client's credit card(known as vcc passthrough). This field has been deprecated, please use `supportPaymentMethods` instead.","deprecated":true,"enum":["0","1"]},"supportPaymentMethods":{"type":"array","items":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PaymentMethod"},"description":"Support payment methods for this fare. If payment is not supported in any way, this will be `null`or`[]`. Each item in this array is one of the following:\n- 1: deposit\n- 3: vcc passthrough\n- 4: BYOA(Bring Your Own Account)\n- 5: MoR"},"currency":{"type":"string","description":"The currency in which Atlas settles transactions with you."},"adultPrice":{"type":"number","description":"Adult fare per passenger."},"adultTax":{"type":"number","description":"Adult tax per passenger."},"adultDetails":{"type":"array","items":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PriceItem"},"description":"Details of the adult price composition.","nullable":true},"childPrice":{"type":"number","description":"Child fare per passenger."},"childTax":{"type":"number","description":"Child tax per passenger."},"childDetails":{"type":"array","items":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PriceItem"},"description":"Details of the child price composition.","nullable":true},"infantPrice":{"type":"number","description":"Infant fare per passenger."},"infantTax":{"type":"integer","description":"Infant tax per passenger."},"infantDetails":{"type":"array","items":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PriceItem"},"description":"Details of the child infant composition.","nullable":true},"infantAllowed":{"type":"boolean","description":"Since `infantPrice` and `infantTax` will never be `null`, when the fare does not support infants or is free for infants, both `infantPrice` and `infantTax` display `0`. In this case, you need this field to distinguish which situation it is.\n**Scenario description:**\n- `true`: infants is supported by this fare, `infantPrice` and `infantTax` will >= `0`\n- `false`: infants is not supported by this fare, `infantPrice` and `infantTax`will be displayed as `0`","nullable":true},"childMandatorySeatingFee":{"type":"number","description":"Only valid for FR integration.\n\n**FR Seat Selection Rules:**\n- Children under 12 years old are provided with free seats.\n- Children must be seated in the same row as an adult.\n- Each adult may accompany up to 4 children.\n\nFor fare families that do not include seat selection fees (e.g., Basic or Family Plus), FR offers discounted seat selection fees for adults traveling with children. The`childMandatorySeatingFee`field displays this discounted fee.\nFor fare families that already include seat selection fees, this field will be `null`.\n\n**Handling by Atlas for Fare Families Without Seat Selection Fees:**\n- The number of children cannot exceed 4.\n- Customers cannot select seats manually.\n- Atlas will automatically assign seats randomly to one adult and all children according to FR's rules. The adult will be charged the `childMandatorySeatingFee` for their seat.\n\n**For Fare Families That Include Seat Selection Fees:**\n- Seat selection is free.\n- Users may call the seat map API to select seats; otherwise, Atlas will automatically assign seats.","nullable":true},"transactionFeePerPax":{"type":"number","deprecated":true,"description":"Technical service fee per passenger. This field has been deprecated and final total transaction fee will calculated based on `transactionFee` and `transactionFeeMode`."},"transactionFee":{"type":"number","description":"Technical service fee as per `transactionFeeMode`. The following lists the calculation methods for the final technical service fee in various situations.\n- `transactionFeeMode`=`PER_SEGMENT`:`transactionFee` * number of passengers * number of segments.\n- `transactionFeeMode`=`PER_TICKET`:`transactionFee` * number of passengers * number of orders on airline side.\n- `transactionFeeMode`=`PER_PAX`:`transactionFee` * number of passengers.\n- `transactionFeeMode`=`PER_BOOKING`:`transactionFee`."},"transactionFeeMode":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/TransactionFeeMode","description":"Calculation method for technical service fee.\n- PER_SEGMENT: Calculate based on the number of segments in the order (number of travel segments * number of passengers)\n- PER_TICKET: Calculate based on the number of orders on the airline's side\n- PER_PAX: Calculate based on the number of passengers\n- PER_BOOKING: Calculate based on each order"},"fromSegments":{"type":"array","items":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/RoutingSegment"},"description":"For outbound segments."},"retSegments":{"type":"array","items":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/RoutingSegment"},"description":"For inbound segments. For one-way, this field will be `null` or `[]`.","nullable":true},"rule":{"type":"object","properties":{"hasBaggage":{"type":"integer","description":"This tag is used to identify if the fare includes free checked-in or cabin baggage.\n- `0`: Not included\n- `1`: Included"},"baggageElements":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"object","properties":{"segmentNo":{"type":"integer","description":"The index of segment the baggage allowance applies to."},"baggageType":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/AncillaryCategory","description":"Type of the baggage."},"passengerType":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PassengerType","description":"The type of passenger the baggage allowance applies to.\n- 0: Adult\n- 1: Child\n- 2: Infant\n"},"baggagePiece":{"type":"integer","description":"Baggage pieces:\n- `0`: No limitation\n- `>0`: Maximum pieces"},"baggageWeight":{"type":"integer","description":"Baggage Weight, with the unit of KG.\n- `0`: No Free baggage\n- `-1`: No limitation on weight\n- `>0`: Maximum weight"},"baggageSize":{"type":"string","description":"Baggage Size:\nlength＊width＊height and units. eg. `56＊36＊23cm`, `18＊14＊8inch`.\nOr Total dimensions (length + width + height) of each piece. eg. `L+W+H<=158cm`.\nEmpty means no limitation."},"isAllWeight":{"type":"boolean","description":"Baggage is all weight: true or false","nullable":true}},"required":["segmentNo","baggageType","passengerType","baggagePiece","baggageWeight","baggageSize"]},"description":"The free baggage allowance"},"refundRules":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"object","properties":{"refundType":{"type":"integer","description":"Type of refund allowed.\n- 0: Wholly unused ticket\n- 1: Partially used ticket (For example, when the passenger has used an outbound flight and wants to refund an inbound flight.)"},"refundStatus":{"description":"Refund rule types (for the most restrictive condition).\n- T: Non refundable\n- H: Refundable with restrictions\n- F: Full refundable\n","$ref":"#/components/schemas/RefundStatus"},"refundFee":{"type":"integer","description":"Refund penalty amount (for the most restrictive condition)","nullable":true},"currency":{"type":"string","description":"The currency of refund penalty","nullable":true},"refNoshow":{"type":"string","description":"Indicates if a no-show affects refunds (for the most restrictive condition).\n- T: Non refundable\n- H: Refundable with restrictions\n- F: Free for refund"},"refNoShowCondition":{"type":"integer","description":"Time before scheduled flight departure","default":0},"refNoshowFee":{"type":"number","description":"Total refund fee (for the most restrictive condition): If refNoshow = H, it should not be \"null\". This value includes the refund fee and no-show penalty"},"refundMethod":{"type":"string","description":"Refund method: CashBackToOriginalPayment or Voucher.\n- CashBackToOriginalPayment: Refund cash back to the original form of payment.\n- Voucher: Refund in the form of a voucher.","enum":["CashBackToOriginalPayment","Voucher"],"default":"CashBackToOriginalPayment","nullable":true},"ruleDetailList":{"type":"array","items":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/AirlineRuleRes"}}},"required":["refundType","refNoshow","refNoShowCondition","refNoshowFee"]},"description":"This node is used to fetch the refund rules of the fare. There is only one array element for one way, and two elements for round-trip. The first element is for the outbound, and the second element is for the inbound."},"changesRules":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"object","properties":{"changesType":{"type":"integer","description":"Change flight type.\n- `0`: Wholly unused ticket\n- `1`: Partially used ticket (For example. When the passenger has used an outbound flight and wants to change an inbound flight)"},"changesStatus":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/ChangeStatus","description":"Change flight rule type (for the most restrictive condition):\n- T: Non changeable\n- H: Changeable with restrictions\n- F: Free rescheduling"},"changesFee":{"type":"number","description":"Change flight fee (for the most restrictive condition):\n- If`changesStatus`=`H`, it should not be`null`\n- If`changesStatus`=`T/F`, it can be`null`","nullable":true},"currency":{"type":"string","description":"The currency of change flight fee","nullable":true},"revNoshow":{"type":"string","description":"Indicates if a no-show affects changes (for the most restrictive condition).\nValid values:\n- T: Non changeable\n- H: Changeable with restrictions\n- F: Free flight change","default":"T"},"revNoShowCondition":{"type":"integer","description":"Time before scheduled flight departure.","default":0},"revNoshowFee":{"type":"number","description":"The total fee charged to change flight in case of no show. If revNoshow = H, it should not be \"null.\" This value includes the change flight fee and no-show penalty.","default":0},"ruleDetailList":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"object","properties":{"status":{"description":"Level of refund/change.\n- T: Non refundable\n- H: Refundable with restrictions\n- F: Full refundable","$ref":"#/components/schemas/RefundStatus"},"startMinute":{"type":"string","description":"Starting time of rule application. Positive numbers represent XXX minutes before departure. Negative numbers represent XXX minutes after departure."},"endMinute":{"type":"string","description":"Ending time of rule application. Positive numbers represent XXX minutes before departure. Negative numbers represent XXX minutes after departure."},"amount":{"type":"string","description":"Penalty amount for refund/change. If the`status`indicates free refund/change, then this field will be either`0`or`null`.","nullable":true},"currency":{"type":"string","description":"The currency of penalty","nullable":true}},"required":["status","startMinute","endMinute"]},"description":"Change conditions"}},"required":["changesType","revNoshow","revNoShowCondition","revNoshowFee"]},"description":"This node is used to fetch the change rules of the fare. There is only one array element for one way, and two elements for round-trip. The first element is for the outbound, and the second element is for the inbound."},"serviceElements":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"object","properties":{"hasFreeSeat":{"type":"integer","description":"A marker used to indicate whether free seat selection is included.\n- `0`: Not included\n- `1`: Included\n- `2`: Partially free"},"hasFreeMeal":{"type":"integer","description":"A marker used to indicate whether free meals are included.\n- `0`: Not included\n- `1`: Included"}}},"description":"This function is used to fetch the other service rules of the fare. There is only one array for one way, and two arrays for round-trip. The first array is for the outbound, and the second array is for the inbound.","nullable":true}},"required":["hasBaggage","baggageElements","refundRules","changesRules"]},"ancillaryProductElements":{"type":"array","items":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/AncillaryProduct"},"nullable":true},"vendorFare":{"type":"object","properties":{"vendorAdultPrice":{"type":"number","description":"Adult fare per passenger in vendor’s currency"},"vendorAdultTax":{"type":"number","description":"Adult tax per passenger in vendor’s currency"},"vendorChildPrice":{"type":"number","description":"Child fare per passenger in vendor’s currency"},"vendorChildTax":{"type":"number","description":"Child tax per passenger in vendor’s currency"},"vendorInfantPrice":{"type":"number","description":"Infant fare per passenger in vendor’s currency"},"vendorInfantTax":{"type":"integer","description":"Infant tax per passenger in vendor’s currency"},"vendorCurrency":{"type":"string","description":"Vendor’s currency"}},"required":["vendorAdultPrice","vendorAdultTax","vendorChildPrice","vendorChildTax","vendorInfantPrice","vendorInfantTax","vendorCurrency"],"description":"To identify the vendor’s fare with vendor’s currency. It is only available when`supportPaymentMethods`contains`3`or`4`."},"links":{"description":"The terms and conditions links of the airlines. Will only return in verify response.","$ref":"#/components/schemas/TAndCLink"},"separateBookings":{"type":"boolean","description":"When the outbound and inbound of round trip need to be booked separately, it will be true."},"refreshTime":{"type":"string","description":"If the fare is from the cache of Atlas, this field is used to indicate the refresh time of the cache. The time is a certain moment in the past (UTC), and the format is:`yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss'Z'`."},"expireTime":{"type":"string","description":"If the current fare comes from the cache of Atlas, this field is used to indicate the estimated expiration time of the cache. This time is a certain moment in the future (UTC), and the format is:`yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ss'Z'`.\n**Note:** \nThis time is estimated, which means Atlas may refresh the cache before or after that time."},"ancillarySupported":{"type":"array","items":{"type":"string"},"description":"A list of ancillary service types that the fare allows for additional purchase. Possible value contains:\n- `luggage`\n- `seat`: You can carry out the subsequent seat selection process through our seat map interface."},"cardChargeList":{"type":"array","items":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/CardCharge"},"description":"Payment handling fee for MoR/VCC","nullable":true}},"required":["routingIdentifier","supportCreditTransPayment","supportPaymentMethods","currency","adultPrice","adultTax","childPrice","childTax","infantPrice","infantTax","transactionFeePerPax","transactionFee","transactionFeeMode","fromSegments","rule","vendorFare","links","separateBookings","refreshTime","expireTime","ancillarySupported"]},"PaymentMethod":{"type":"integer","enum":[1,3,4,5],"title":""},"PriceItem":{"type":"object","properties":{"code":{"type":"string","description":"Machine readable code used to identify this price item."},"type":{"type":"string","description":"Type of this price item.","enum":["base","tax","fee"]},"amount":{"type":"number"},"description":{"type":"string","description":"Human-readable description for this price item.","nullable":true}},"required":["code","type","amount"]},"TransactionFeeMode":{"type":"string","enum":["PER_SEGMENT","PER_TICKET","PER_PAX","PER_BOOKING"],"title":""},"RoutingSegment":{"type":"object","properties":{"aircraftCode":{"type":"string","description":"IATA Code of aircraft type","nullable":true},"arrAirport":{"type":"string","description":"3-letter iata code for the arrival airport at which the segment is scheduled to arrive."},"arrTerminal":{"type":"string","description":"The terminal at the destination airport where the segment is scheduled to arrive.","nullable":true},"arrTime":{"type":"string","description":"The datetime at which the segment is scheduled to arrive, in the arrival airport timezone. The format is `YYYYMMDD`."},"cabin":{"type":"string","description":"RBD(known as Reservation Booking Designator) displayed by the airline.","nullable":true},"cabinClass":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/CabinClass","description":"Cabin class of the segment.\n- 1: economy\n- 2: business\n- 3: first\n- 4: premium economy"},"carrier":{"type":"string","description":"IATA code of marketing carrier."},"codeShare":{"type":"boolean","description":"A flag used to identify whether it is a code share flight."},"depAirport":{"type":"string","description":"3-letter iata code for the airport at which the segment is scheduled to depart."},"depTerminal":{"type":"string","description":"The terminal at the departure airport from which the segment is scheduled to depart.","nullable":true},"depTime":{"type":"string","description":"The datetime at which the segment is scheduled to depart, in the departure airport timezone. The format is`YYYYMMSS`."},"duration":{"type":"integer","description":"The duration of the segment in munites."},"fareFamily":{"type":"string","description":"Fare Family as per the information received from the airline"},"flightNumber":{"type":"string","description":"Marketing flight number. The format is: CA123 or TR021 or FR1290, with the first two letters representing the carrier and the following number representing the flight number."},"operatingCarrier":{"type":"string","description":"2-letter iata code for the operating carrier. The airline actually operating this segment. This may differ from the marketing carrier in the case of a \"codeshare\", where one airline sells flights operated by another airline.","nullable":true},"operatingFlightnumber":{"type":"string","description":"Operating flight number.","nullable":true},"seatCount":{"type":"integer","description":"Max booking seats for the fare."},"segmentIndex":{"type":"integer","description":"Segment sequence. Starts from 1. If it is return trip, sequence for outbound trip and inbound trip would be together. The segment index also represents the flight sequence of the segment."},"stopCities":{"type":"string","description":"IATA code/Name of cities from where the passengers will take stopover flights. Include IATA code of cities and use a comma in case of multiple cities to separate transfer airports count is higher than 1. For example: `CGK, SUB`. \n`null` or blank means non-stop flight.","nullable":true}},"required":["arrAirport","arrTime","cabinClass","carrier","codeShare","depAirport","depTime","duration","fareFamily","flightNumber","seatCount","segmentIndex"]},"CabinClass":{"type":"integer","enum":[1,2,3,4],"title":""},"AncillaryCategory":{"type":"string","enum":["StandardCheckInBaggage","CabinBaggage","CabinBaggageUnderSeat","CabinBaggageOverheadLocker"]},"RefundStatus":{"type":"string","enum":["T","H","F"]},"AirlineRuleRes":{"type":"object","properties":{"status":{"description":"Level of refund/change.\n- T: Non refundable\n- H: Refundable with restrictions\n- F: Full refundable","$ref":"#/components/schemas/RefundStatus"},"startMinute":{"type":"string","description":"Starting time of rule application. Positive numbers represent XXX minutes before departure. Negative numbers represent XXX minutes after departure."},"endMinute":{"type":"string","description":"Ending time of rule application. Positive numbers represent XXX minutes before departure. Negative numbers represent XXX minutes after departure."},"amount":{"type":"string","description":"Penalty amount for refund/change. If the`status`indicates free refund/change, then this field will be either`0`or`null`.","nullable":true},"currency":{"type":"string","description":"The currency of penalty","nullable":true},"refundMethod":{"type":"string","description":"Refund method: CashBackToOriginalPayment or Voucher.\n- CashBackToOriginalPayment: Refund cash back to the original form of payment.\n- Voucher: Refund in the form of a voucher.","enum":["CashBackToOriginalPayment","Voucher"],"default":"CashBackToOriginalPayment","nullable":true}},"required":["status","startMinute","endMinute"]},"ChangeStatus":{"type":"string","enum":["T","H","F"]},"AncillaryProduct":{"type":"object","properties":{"ancillaryCode":{"type":"string","description":"A code that is relatively readable by humans and contains information about auxiliary business specifications (such as weight and quantity limitations of luggage). \n**Note:** \nThis content is only for display purposes and should not be used for programming purposes. That is to say, do not attempt to parse the information about auxiliary business specifications from this code. If you want to access the auxiliary business specifications, please use structured fields. For example, for luggage, please use`auxBaggageElement`."},"auxBaggageElement":{"type":"object","properties":{"isAllWeight":{"type":"boolean","description":"Mark whether the`weight`field restricts the total weight or the weight of a single piece.\n- `true`: The weight is for all the pieces\n- `false`: The weight is for each piece"},"piece":{"type":"integer","description":"The maximum number of pieces that can be purchased per person.\n- `0`: No Limitation about piece\n- `>0`: Maximum pieces"},"size":{"type":"string","description":"Maximum size for the baggage","nullable":true},"weight":{"type":"integer","description":"The maximum weight that can be purchased per person.\n- `0`: No limitation for weight\n- `>0`: Weight limit (KG)"}},"description":"Baggage specification limitations. This node is valid only when the ancillary type (`categoryCode`) is baggage.","required":["isAllWeight","piece","weight"],"nullable":true},"canPurchasePostTicket":{"type":"integer","description":"A flag used to mark if this ancillary product can be purchased in the post-ticketing flow.\n- `0`: No\n- `1`: Yes"},"canPurchaseWithTicket":{"type":"integer","description":"A flag used to mark if this ancillary product can be purchased during the booking flow.\n- `0`: No\n- `1`: Yes"},"categoryCode":{"description":"Type of the ancillary.\n\n- StandardCheckInBaggage: Standard Check-in Baggage.\n- CabinBaggage: Usually refers to the Cabin Baggage Overhead Locker. Transition value. It will gradually transition to `CabinBaggageOverheadLocker`.\n- CabinBaggageOverheadLocker: Cabin Baggage Overhead Locker.\n- CabinBaggageUnderSeat: Cabin Baggage Under Seat. Usually refers to the personal item.","$ref":"#/components/schemas/AncillaryCategory"},"clientTechnicalServiceFee":{"type":"number","description":"The service fee charged by Atlas for the purchase of the ancillary.","nullable":true},"currency":{"type":"string","description":"The currency in which Atlas settles transactions with you"},"maxQty":{"type":"integer","description":"The maximum number of purchases allowed per person per flight segment"},"minQty":{"type":"integer","description":"The minimum quantity allowed to be purchased per person per flight segment."},"price":{"type":"number","description":"Price for this ancillary."},"productCode":{"type":"string","description":"Unique identifier for the ancillary product. It would be used in the order request."},"segmentIndex":{"type":"integer","description":"The index of segment the ancillary applies to."},"vendorCurrency":{"type":"string","description":"The currency in which the vendor charges for the ancillary. If the fare does not allow for the VCC pass-through or BYOA payment, this information will be`null`."},"vendorPrice":{"type":"integer","description":"The price charged by the vendor for the ancillary. If the fare does not allow for the VCC pass-through or BYOA payment, this information will be`null`."}},"required":["ancillaryCode","canPurchasePostTicket","canPurchaseWithTicket","categoryCode","currency","maxQty","minQty","price","productCode","segmentIndex","vendorCurrency","vendorPrice"]},"TAndCLink":{"type":"object","properties":{"carrier":{"type":"string","description":"IATA code for the airline"},"kind":{"type":"string","description":"always:`terms`"},"link":{"type":"string","description":"URL to the carrier's terms and conditions"},"description":{"type":"string","description":"Carrier terms and conditions"}},"required":["carrier","kind","link","description"]},"CardCharge":{"type":"object","properties":{"cardType":{"description":"Card types, such as Visa, MasterCard","$ref":"#/components/schemas/CardType"},"percentage":{"type":"number","description":"Percentage of payment handling fee","nullable":true},"charge":{"type":"number","description":"The amount of payment handling fee","nullable":true},"currency":{"type":"string","description":"Currency of `charge`","nullable":true}},"required":["cardType"]},"PaymentOption":{"type":"object","properties":{"paymentMethod":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PaymentMethod","description":"Payment method.\n- 1: balance\n- 3: vcc passthrough\n- 4: BYOA\n- 5: MoR"},"ticketFare":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PaymentOptionDetail","description":"It is used to describe the total ticket price and how the deduction will be made."},"serviceFee":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PaymentOptionDetail","nullable":true,"description":"It is used to describe the total service and how the deduction will be made."},"paymentFee":{"$ref":"#/components/schemas/PaymentOptionDetail","nullable":true,"description":"It is used to describe the payment fee and how the deduction will be made."},"cardType":{"type":"string","description":"Only for MoR. Echo the card type you sent in order request.","nullable":true}},"required":["paymentMethod","ticketFare"]},"PaymentOptionDetail":{"type":"object","properties":{"amount":{"type":"number","description":"Total amount will be deducted."},"currency":{"type":"string","description":"Currency of the`amount`"},"deductFrom":{"type":"string","enum":["DEPOSIT","CARD"],"description":"Deduction method"}},"required":["amount","currency","deductFrom"]}}}}
```
